# Ageneda

From last meeting we had the following take away items:

- What are the problems today with trainers working for a traditional gym? (Dylan)
  - How much of a cut do gyms take out of a trainers income?
   - Are trainers FTE or PTE?


- Are there any fitness daos out there today? If so what are they doing and what are the gaps? (Narb)


- What types of web3 fitness tools/applications exist today and what do they look to solve? (Michael)



## Research Outcomes

### What are the problems today with trainers working for a traditional gym?
- indeed.com findings (main source)
  - Every gym has their own strucutre for dealing with their trainers (la fitness, 24hr)
  - 24 hours fitness - trainers act as contracter, comp is based on hours trained but also earn min wage when not training, a lot of trainers are salesmen (have to sell the workout packages -> struggle), a lot of pain with long hours, able to learn the business from trial/error, get free membership
  - La fitness - no health benifits, don't allow outside trainers (also can't take another job with a person that isn't registered with the gym), gym takes 40-60% of the cut of the fees paid by clients, a very busy person will long at most 80 sessions per "pay period"
  - Compensation stinks overall
  - Can view gyms as a monopoly towards trainers overall

### Are there any fitness daos out there today? If so what are they doing and what are the gaps? (Narb)
- [FitPro DAO](https://mobile.twitter.com/fitprosdao) only real dao out there for fitness, concentrating on building a community of trainers and fitness enthusiasts
  - NFTs as profiles
  - Get fit to earn
  - Tracking progress via personal "coaches" and health devices (i.e fitbit, apple watch, etc...)
  - Blockchain gaming dynamic as well but unclear how this plays with any of the goals they are setting out to achieve
  - They seem to be trying to do everything at once
  - [twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/fitprosdao)
  - [lite-paper](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0568/7325/5066/files/FitProsDAO_-_Lite_paper-v4.0.pdf?v=1653984070)

### What types of web3 fitness tools/applications exist today and what do they look to solve? (Michael)
- Difficult to survey the space since it only seemed to emerge over the last quarter of 2021
- most common model found is "move to earn"
  - tracking movement or geo-location to track when you go to the gym for token rewards
- one that stood out was "chill" which used ai to track your movements during exercises
- fitscripts
- Depending on the project, tokens can be sold or can be burned to unlock rewards/perks with NFTs
  - can be used to redeem for sessions, e-books, rewards, etc...
- motiontoken developing hardware and private blockchain to help users manage their health data in a secure manner
- Most others didn't seem very promising
- Most popular is "move to earn" or "play to earn"

Notes
- What would be the best economic model to target the trainers? 
  - Need to not only offer benifits over existing gym structures but also oevr existing web2 solutions
- How are we looking to reward particpants for reaching their fitness goals? Tokens? eth? fiat?
  - Are we looking to drive the rewards or just faciliate bringing the trainers and fitness enthusists together?
- What type are type of community are we looking to build?
  - Example: Are we looking to support just bodybuilders or a wide variety of fitness areas?

## Spitballs continued
- Personal trainer offers their own level of offerings
  - Whoever owns the NFT, they hold the services of the personal trainers
  - How do we track fitness goals on chain?
  - Personal trainers are dao memebers
  - They are responsible to ditributing rewards
- Open a gym that the dao owns
  - Allows any trainer to train in this gym without restrictions on place of employment
  - Allowed to film workouts, stream training sessions, etc...
  - RFID tracked equipment that detects the movements of people using the equipment (how much weight, how many reps, etc...)
  - RFID data would be passed on chain that would reach the personal trainer
- If we open a dao, we will need to create a charter and roadmap of what our visions/goals are
  - Long term vision: To create a community owned gym (or series of gyms)
  - short term vision: ?
  - poaps for web3 conference workout attendence (basically a way for the trainer to verify participation)
    - or can give workout NFT to particpants so they can repeat the workout in the future (or sell it)
  - Need a way to verify a personal trainer is who they say they are
  - Distributed workout meetup

## Next meeting todos
- 
